Expensive and bad information.
Know the source.
OneRadioNetwork.com.
- Well, a very pleasant good morning to you
and for those of you who just heard our first show,
well, welcome back.
We just had to take a little break here
to get connected up.
It didn't take long.
My name is Patrick Timpone
and we are live here this morning,
live with Dr. Ray Peat.
Dr. Peat is a PhD.
He's been at this a very long time.
It is raypeat.com
and you can get his newsletter.
We'll tell you how to do that.
He has an amazing amount of material there,
all kinds of articles that will,
I think will help you to look at health
in a way that a man with many, many years of experience,
going back to his work with progesterone and hormones
back into the mid 60s
and he's done papers in physiological chemistry
and physics in '71 and '72.
His dissertation, University of Oregon in '72,
outlined ideas regarding progesterone
and hormones closely related to it.
Dr. Ray Peat is here on the third Monday of each month
and it's just, Dr. Peat,
thank you so much for coming once a month
and appreciate your patience
with starting a little bit late.
How are things up in the Northwest, sir?
- Oh, pretty good.
The weather has been warmer than usual
for several days now, a little rain.
- Yeah, but things are well up there, huh?
- Yeah, spring is coming on.
- Before we, I wanna talk a little bit
about the exosomes and viruses and Zach Bush's work
that I got turned on more mostly because of you.
You mentioned it last month.
What are some of the biggest things
that you have learned over the years
looking at hormones and progesterone and all that?
I think, what now, almost 40 years, right?
Did you come across a lot of things that you changed
and your whole idea changed on it,
research and experience over those years?
- Oh, yeah, my own diet has changed a lot
as I'm studying the effects of estrogen
interacting with fertility and aging in animals, for example.
I came across lots of research going back to the 1940s
showing that the polyunsaturated fats are estrogenic,
that vitamin E, going back to the Schutz work in the 1930s,
is an anti-estrogen, anti-inflammatory.
Estrogen is both pro-inflammation
and pro-cancer and pro-aging.
But the arrival of the estrogen industry in 1940
changed the world's interpretation of not only estrogen
but vitamin E and the polyunsaturated fatty acids.
So that was kind of a turning point in my diet.
- Interesting.
So vitamin E, even supplementally, Dr. Pete,
is a good anti-estrogen thing,
which generally is good to keep estrogen happy,
or did I misinterpret what you say?
- Yeah, it's anti-inflammatory
and that amounts pretty much to being anti-estrogenic.
And vitamin E facilitates good oxidation
where estrogen interferes with the proper use of oxygen.
That's the core function of estrogen
is to block normal respiration of cells.
- Do you think we get enough,
can we get enough vitamin E through the sunlight?
- No, vitamin E--
- I'm sorry, I'm confusing D and E.
Sorry, I got confused.
Go ahead, yeah.
- If we have a diet free of polyunsaturated fats
and no exposure to estrogens,
then we need extremely little vitamin E
because its main function is defensive
against the estrogenic substances and polyunsaturated fats.
But if you are already fairly well saturated
with the PUFA fats,
then your requirement for vitamin E
goes up and up with aging.
Some studies suggested that the older you get,
the more vitamin E you need
just to prevent the rancidity
of the polyunsaturated fats in your tissues.
Some studies suggested that it reached a need
for 400 milligrams of vitamin E per day
by the time of middle age or menopause.
But at that point, no matter how much you take,
the rancidity is going to take over
and have an estrogenic pro-aging,
pro-inflammatory effect.
So the only real solution is to minimize the absorption
of the polyunsaturated fats.
- And what are the biggest ones that people consume
ongoing, say, in our culture, PUFAs?
Would that be like the Wesson oil and these kinds of things,
these really bad oils from the store?
- The liquid oils.
And fish oil is a newer addition,
but it's especially bad, fish oils and algae oils.
But the seed oils like cottonseed oil and canola and so on.
In the lab when I was working on the effects of estrogen
on those fatty acids in the body,
I bought a bottle of some kind of Wesson oil
or something like that, a liquid oil.
I had my apparatus set up for measuring
animal oxygen consumption,
and I just put a rubber tube attached to the top
of this quart of vegetable oil,
put the other end in a beater of water,
and I came back a couple of hours later
and the water had been drawn up the tube.
The oil itself, a bottle full of oil,
but with a cap off and exposed to oxygen,
was consuming oxygen just like there was
a little animal in the bottle respiring.
So the oil constantly, on exposure to air,
is becoming rancid, and that was at room temperature
that the bottle of oil was sucking up the oxygen.
And imagine at 98 degrees Fahrenheit
how fast that rancidity process is going to be consuming
the oxygen in your tissues.
That makes it act like estrogen to compete
against your mitochondrial energy production.
Your fat cells begin sucking up the oxygen,
and then the polyunsaturated fats
reaching the mitochondrion will slow,
just destroy, damage its ability to use oxygen.
- So olive oil is a monounsaturated,
not considered a real PUFA,
even though it has some PUFA kind of characteristics?
- Yeah, where some of the oils are 50 or 60% PUFA,
olive oil is eight or 10 or 11% PUFA.
So it's much, much safer than--
- Sure.
- And butter is 3%, roughly.
- Good for butter, huh?
Yeah, wow. - Yeah, much better.
- So what do you think is the safest way,
my grandma used to buy these great Italian olive oils
at the Italian store, and they were in tins,
and she would keep it in a cool spot in the closet.
Do you think a dark bottle or tins,
or what would be the best place to store?
Do you have any theories?
- Well, it should be in a very cool place,
best if it's in a refrigerator so it's solid.
- Really, huh.
- First of all, you wanna make sure it's actual olive oil,
and tastes good, properly like olives.
The agriculture department, I think it was about 20 years ago
sampled the olive oil being sold in the US,
and found that 70% of it was tainted
with things like canola that are cheaper.
So it's somewhat of a gamble
whether you're getting real pure olive oil,
and pretty much you can tell it by the taste.
- You have to be careful.
So, so many of the so-called natural foods today,
Dr. Ray Peet, have canola oil,
and you can even get many of them now
are using organic canola oil to make it sound better,
but I take it you're just not a fan of eating this canola.
- No, not at all.
- Not at all, you just don't wanna do it.
Just don't wanna do it, huh.
- The reason the marketing started was that
things like safflower oil and soybean oil
used to be used as the basis for making paints and plastics.
And the oil chemists learned how to make
similar, much cheaper paints and plastics from petroleum.
So all of these seed oils lost their market as paint base.
And the marketing people discovered
that if they could say that they contain
something essential for nutrition,
then they could say they're good for you.
Even though the so-called essential oils,
the daily requirement is in milligrams rather than grams.
So there's no basis for saying that
eating liquid oils is somehow related
to an essential nutrient.
It's all marketing that made up
for the petroleum paint industry takeover.
- So even extra virgin organic olive oil
is more a luxury for taste
rather than a necessary nutrient in your opinion?
- Oh yeah, it does have antioxidants, vitamin E,
and a lot of very effective health-related ingredients.
So if you're getting a little olive oil,
probably those beneficial things are offsetting
the moderate amount of proofer you're getting.
- Dr. Ray Peet is here.
We are live March 15th, 2021.
If you have a question, we have lots of good ones already.
Patrick@OneRadioNetwork.com.
I did not really have seen a lot of things
by Dr. Zach Bush.
And last month you had mentioned that you,
you know, we were talking about the exosomes
and the virus and the germ theory,
and you thought that his work was interesting to you.
And I watched a three-hour video.
I don't know if you've seen this one.
I think it was not,
it's only been around two or three weeks.
It was a three-hour documentary that he put together.
And on the face of it,
it looks like he's onto a lot of interesting things,
but he's talking about from the beginning
that I wanted to ask you about this idea
that these viruses, what they call viruses,
have been around forever, right?
I mean, just really since the beginning of time,
and there's just thousands, millions,
billions of them everywhere.
Like he says in the air,
there's 10 to the 30th of viruses in the air,
10 to the 15th in the body.
I mean, that's more than the stars, right?
I mean, that's, yeah, and in the soil.
And that these viruses that they're called
are circulating throughout the whole world
without the need for a human transition.
- Oh, they live in simplest organisms.
Bacteria have their viruses,
fungus, plants.
Every organism has its so-called viruses.
But the complex, long chain of nucleic acids
that is the essential component of the virus,
you don't get the construction of this
extremely functional, organized bit of DNA or RNA
just in a vacuum.
They require the living cell to reproduce.
And it happens that living cells
communicate between each other like bacteria.
If they learn, if they adapt to an antibiotic,
they put together a little packet
of what they learned in their DNA
and pass it on to other bacteria,
even of different species.
And that packet of DNA is spreading
the ability to resist antibiotics.
And that's going on constantly.
And not just bacteria, but higher organisms
are emitting particles equivalent
to the bacterial capsid or particle
that transfers the ability to adapt better
to the environment.
And plants and fungus and animals
all have this going on in their own tissues.
One tissue sends out messages to another tissue
and can recruit assistance from other parts
of the organism or send out repair particles
to help other parts.
And these particles circulate in all the body fluids.
A mother's milk contains these exosomes
of virus-like structures that are ingested by the baby.
The sweat, the urine, the saliva,
all of our fluids contain these intrinsic
communication particles that are working
back and forth within our own tissues.
But they're in our body fluids
and they get into the environment
and can affect other organisms.
And if it happens that it's something
that works well in a plant,
when it gets into an animal,
it might be exactly the wrong thing.
It might send out very confused signals
trying to repair a plant cell
when it's in your liver or something.
And so these signals are alien
when they're taken up randomly
and our bodies have to decide what to do with them.
And much of this stuff gets tucked away
for future reference in case it might come
from a bacteria that knew something you should know
but is at the moment not useful.
So it gets tucked away in our DNA.
And about 97 to 98% of our DNA
consists of strands that do not produce proteins.
The genes that people have studied in genetics
for 120 years are strips of DNA
that contain information for making protein.
But those amount to only 2 or 3% of all of our DNA.
And much of the rest of it, at least 48 or 50%,
it has the structure that would suggest
it came from viruses.
But since viruses can't evolve by themselves,
there really, it turns out that our internal exosomes
that are repair modules,
it turns out that they create exactly,
even the covering protein that we think of
as what makes a virus travel and get into other cells,
even that covering protein turns out to be
something intrinsic to our own regulatory systems.
So since we share them,
you can treat them as viruses,
but they are built, they evolved and developed
as part of our ability to guide development.
And when these are acting during gestation,
they're like the things we call cytokines.
During gestation, these virus-like or exosomal
strands of DNA are interacting with the
potentially inflammatory cytokines
as perfectly essential and harmless guides
to creating the fetus.
They are essential parts of forming the human being.
And what happens in stressful environments,
these things don't have adequate support
of nutrition and oxygen and carbon dioxide and so on.
So under stress, these things that are part of our
formative, protective DNA and cytokine system,
these turn out to be maladaptive under bad stress
and so they act like viruses when we're too stressed
to put them to proper use.
- So that's why Bush argues that in the body,
these exosomes and our viruses, exosomes,
the body chooses whether or not it needs them.
- Yeah, right.
- It actually makes a choice.
- Right, that's why healthy people don't have to worry.
- That's why they don't get sick.
(laughing)
So then flu symptoms, and following what you're saying
and Bush, it's not a bad thing.
It's a genetic update and the body's actually
getting stronger because of it, yes?
- Right, like studies have found that kids
who had normal measles when they were in grade school
or so are resistant to cancer later in life.
- Yeah, yeah.
You know, Dr. Piedmont, when I grew up in grade school
in the 50s, we got the measles and mom put us to bed
for a couple days and that was it.
And it was just no big deal.
We just went back to school.
- Yeah, the whole vaccine thing,
it was the smallpox vaccine after thousands of years
of practice, it became a usable medical tool
and finally in the 1960s, they decided that they would
get organized about it and instead of vaccinating people
where there hadn't been any cases of smallpox for decades,
they decided to use it in a new outbreak and encircle
the area where it was becoming an epidemic
and keep it from spreading.
So in just a few years, two or three years
of actual organized activity, they eliminated smallpox
from the world.
But if you use a vaccine in that way,
you lose your market for selling vaccines.
So the vaccine for smallpox was used intelligently
and then there was no more market for selling it.
So they never made that mistake again.
The policy now is to vaccinate healthy people.
Even though you kill some of them,
it will keep the market going if you instill the idea
that vaccines are something everyone should have.
- So what did this organism, two questions.
So an organism that was involved in an experience
called smallpox is an organism that was not trying
to do some kind of good for the person?
- It was possibly--
- Or could be the same thing, only the weak got sick.
- Yeah, in the great smallpox epidemics,
there were always a considerable portion
of the population that never didn't get it.
And things like getting enough sunlight and vitamin D
and a good diet accounted for why those healthy people
didn't have any problem with smallpox.
- So this smallpox particle was not,
its mission in life was not to kill people.
- Yeah, it might have been to,
make mice resistant to mosquitoes or something.
It might have had some useful function in some organism.
But when it got in people, if their immune systems
couldn't adjust to it and take care of it,
then they would develop the disease of smallpox.
- But at the end, if they had the proper,
I don't care, would the people
that even experienced smallpox,
could it be argued that they would actually
be better off for it if they lived through it?
No?
- Probably, but it would be better to be exposed
to the smallpox and handle it well
so you didn't even get maybe an itch
where it hit your skin or nose or whatever.
- I see, which is the idea that they even do it today
where moms who understand the measles month things,
they'll actually have measles parties.
Right, so they'll send the kids to the party
and drink out of Joe's cup
because you guys can share this thing.
- Yeah, and several big studies in India, for example,
have shown that just vitamin D or just vitamin A,
just some very economical change in the diet
stops the plagues of whatever, polio
or other viral, so-called viral diseases.
Just a very economical improvement of living conditions
will prevent those deadly plagues
that they happen in populations under stress,
having famines and exposure to very bad diets, toxins,
and just by having a normal, clean, well-fed environment,
you don't have plagues.
- So similar to people who die from scurvy,
and then, oh, they gave them limes or vitamin C
or something and they were fine.
- Yeah, yeah, the vitamin D and A
happen to be the ones currently recognized
as providing resistance to viruses,
but vitamin C had that function a couple hundred years ago.
- So I wondered, before we start processing food,
well, I guess people always had stress, right?
They were fighting somebody or dinosaurs or who knows,
right, or big snakes or Indians.
I guess they always had stress,
so there was always a, it was kind of poetry in motion,
Dr. Pete, of who was getting sick
or who had symptoms and who weren't.
- Well, as the agriculture became
the food basis of civilization,
grains became an excessive part of our diet.
Grains provide polyunsaturated fats
and a variety of toxic nutrients,
as well as a minimal amount of survival protein.
So the more you lived on a grain-based diet,
the more likely you were to have a plague,
an epidemic of viruses, bacteria, and so on.
- Dr. Ray Pete is with us.
We're live here this morning, March 15th, 2021.
Do you think that this human body that you and I are in
and our listeners could have actually evolved
all the way from the ocean,
all the way out to where we are today?
What's your, what is your theory on that?
- I don't think there's any good reason
for thinking of the ocean as the source.
That the idea of a membrane enclosing seawater
to account for why we have our mineral composition and so on,
it's completely unfounded.
- That's not, well, what about,
what if we leave the ocean out of it?
Do you think our species,
the bodies that we have in body right now,
evolve from low forms of bacteria and viruses
and came to where we are today?
- No, no, the viruses evolved from us.
- The viruses evolved us.
So how does that work?
- The exosomes that we need to make ourselves,
they're shared, and when you share them
with someone who isn't healthy,
then they become a virus or a disease source.
- When we share them with somebody,
but if they do okay with it and work through it,
aren't they gonna be healthier at the end of it?
- Yeah.
- So they should thank us when we give them the flu.
Just kidding.
(laughing)
- Yeah, a good ecosystem isn't riddled with disease.
It's a collapsing ecosystem that experiences things
like viral and bacterial epidemics.
- But Bush was saying there's something
like these retroviruses, and he had the name of it,
that without all these retroviruses,
this was the way that we actually became,
evolved into mammals and had babies in the tummy
rather than laying eggs.
- Yeah, I think that's true.
- Did I get that right?
- Right, yeah.
The so-called dark DNA, that 98% that doesn't make proteins,
that's part of our structuring system,
and our dark DNA, non-coding DNA,
is different from the egg-laying organisms.
That's where our difference lies.
- So somehow there had to be an intelligence
or a desire, working with God, whatever God is,
to wanna move from eggs to tummies somehow.
- Right.
- We had to have a desire to do it,
or that never would have happened, right?
- Yeah, James A. Shapiro, a bacteria geneticist,
has written, and there are some very good videos
explaining how bacteria have a very highly developed
level of intelligence.
The idea that the world lacks intelligence
is it's kind of an anti-religious bias
or built-in philosophy to deny
that intelligence is everywhere.
- It's just everywhere.
- Yeah.
- So then the whole evolution and the divine,
what do they call it, God theory or evolution,
and what's the other one, the opposite,
of theories and evolution?
- Well, the standard--
- Standard one.
- The neo-Darwinism is based on the assumption
that the world is basically random
and stupid and accidental.
- Right, right.
So they all, it kind of works together, doesn't it,
the whole thing, if everything is intelligent
and somehow a part of divine intelligence,
which we might call God.
I mean, it makes sense to me.
You?
- Yeah, actual, normal reasoning processes
will lead you there.
You know the famous work on math
that Alfred North Whitehead and Bertrand Russell
produced around the early part of the 20th century?
After they worked together on pure logic,
Whitehead went off in his direction.
He actually started using terms like God,
but strictly building it on the same clear thinking
that Bertrand Russell and he had developed.
And so there's nothing anti-philosophical
or anti-scientific.
You can use that terminology
without having to be a member of a church or something.
- Uh-huh, yeah.
Dr. Ray Peat is here.
His website is raypeat.com.
You can get his newsletter.
It's just raypeatsnewsletter@gmail.com.
raypeatsnewsletter@gmail.com.
So can it be assumed or argued
that all of these things we call dis-eases,
regardless of what they are,
it's possible that on some level spiritually,
you and I and our listeners,
we're trying to evolve.
We're trying to get stronger.
We're trying to move and change and to grow.
- Yeah, even people who seem to disagree,
like Kaufman and Bush,
one says there are no viruses.
The other says viruses are everywhere.
But still what they have in common
is there's nothing to panic about.
There's no reality to the fear of the pandemic.
And what that means is how do you explain
what the governments have been doing?
And that leads to the political agenda
promoted by the World Economic Forum
with the assistance of Johns Hopkins University
and several of the other
traditionally elitist power groups.
So there's definitely,
I don't think we're conspiracy theorists,
whatever that means, or tinfoil hat people,
to assume that there's just something rotten in Denmark
as far as this whole whatever it's been
over the last 18 months, right?
- Yeah, one of the key concepts
of the Great Reset promoted
is that no one will own anything.
You'll rent everything.
Well, they are openly saying
you'll rent everything and you'll be happy
without owning anything.
But who are you gonna rent it from?
The World Economic Forum consists of thousands of people,
the billionaire class,
who are going to set the prices on everything
that you don't own and have to rent.
So it's very clearly an economic policy
shaped to benefit only the billionaire class,
the monopoly class.
- I saw an article yesterday, Dr. Pete,
where the writer was concerned
and he was looking at numbers and saying how
the richer nations were getting this injection, right,
for COVID rather than the poorer nations.
And this kind of is opposite of what people are arguing
that these people, whoever they are,
are wanting to thin out the population.
- You've seen the video and the articles
by Gerd Van Den Bosch?
- Yeah, well, I sent you the one video,
remember, on the vaccine.
Wow.
- Yeah, he gets very excited.
He's a working vaccine specialist,
well-informed on how the immune system works,
unlike people like Fauci,
who know nothing about the immune system.
But based on his good understanding
of vaccines and immunity,
he gets very excited and says,
this might already be too late to stop
the terrible disaster that will result
from using vaccines in the midst
of a well-established pandemic.
- Can you explain more about that?
It was fascinating, the interview.
I mean, and this fellow, Dr. Pete, as you know,
he's not an anti-vaxxer.
He creates and creates vaccines for a living.
This is what he does, right?
Can you explain to us, as simply as possible,
of his argument?
And this is more,
is this above and beyond the vaccines
damaging the innate immune system that Kaufman,
I mean, that Cowan wrote about two, three years ago
in his book on vaccines.
It's more than that, right?
Than just damaging the innate immune system?
Or is it all the same?
Is it part of this?
- Yeah, it's helping to breed a worse virus.
- How is that?
How is it?
Can you explain to us how this works?
If you do it in the middle of a pandemic.
- The way the labs developed germ warfare viruses
was to put them in one organism after another,
keeping it under pressure.
Not enough immune reaction to destroy it,
but to make one organism after another sick,
passing it through dozens of different infected animals.
Each time the virus fails to be destroyed
by the immune system,
it has mutated into something
that resists one immune system after the other.
And so the lab work decades ago
was showing that you can evolve
a very, very deadly virus in the lab
just by keeping it transmitting
through different organisms.
And Van den Barsch is saying that
the proper way to use a vaccine
is the way the smallpox vaccine was used.
Not in a population that is already well infected,
but to enclose, surround, and destroy
the area where the infection is coming from.
Definitely not vaccinating healthy populations,
but using it intelligently.
And his point is that the risk is
that by vaccinating people who are
already infected and healthy,
as well as the susceptible weak ones,
that the virus is going to get stronger
and stronger very quickly.
- Do you think he's right?
- Yeah.
I don't agree with everything he says,
but the vaccine that he developed,
I think it was called Univax or Univax, something like that,
was based on the idea of
making stronger natural killer cells,
which would be our innate immune system,
not the specialized vaccine antibodies,
but a general basic strengthening
of the whole immune system
and eliminating the infected cells
so they couldn't produce more viruses.
And he points out that when you vaccinate
a population and produce lots of people
with a mass amount of specific antibodies
for this particular virus,
which then is going to change,
but you've suppressed all of your generalized resistance,
the basic natural antibodies and natural killer cells
are subordinated, suppressed by the extreme amplification
of a specific antibody for a specific virus.
So you've over-specialized the population
with this type of badly thought out vaccine.
And the very achievement of a powerful immunity
against that virus is weakening your general intelligence,
part of your immune system,
which can meet and resist
any unexpected agent.
That becomes weaker.
- Hmm, wow.
- You put all your effort into that fighting a virus,
which might never recur because the virus changes.
- And then what could be some of the potential dangers
to people six months, a year?
Do we have any idea, or two years, or five years from now?
- Well-- - Of taking this injection?
Do we know?
I mean, have any theories?
- The certain thing is that you've weakened
and over-specialized your immune system.
Many studies have looked at the people
who got influenza shots the previous year.
The next year, they are much more susceptible
to the coronavirus.
Exactly the thing Vandenbergh was talking about.
The over-specialization for one virus
weakens your general immunity for everything else.
- So can it be argued then that this whole corona thing
18 months ago was no more than just a normal
everyday life when people get colds and they detox,
or whatever you wanna call it, exosomes, viruses,
call it what you want.
And if they would've just left it alone,
we would have any of this masking all this stuff.
- Yeah, the excess deaths analyzed,
the data right from the CDC was analyzed
by Genevieve Briand.
- Yes.
- And she showed that their own data
that doesn't show any excess deaths.
It was just a standard flu and cold season.
And that was it.
- Yeah, you can't come to any conclusion
except that there are political agendas
creating fear to sell something
they're holding in the background.
- So it's almost like, Dr. Piva,
it would have to have been a really
well-planned out coordinated effort
between all these people, WHO, CDC, UN,
the media, the AMA, the whole,
has to be, the whole thing was well-planned out.
- Right, the Rockefeller Foundation laid out
the agenda about 10 years ago.
And then just months before the pandemic appeared,
the World Economic Forum and Johns Hopkins University
had a practice run to get all of the government people
ready and coordinated with the policy.
So the record is there showing that it has been planned
and that nothing real happened,
but they were pre-informed how they should act
and the policies that they should put in place,
not for the public health,
but for the interests of these,
of the powerful organizations.
- And what are your opinions
on what some of the motives were, are,
after, what were you,
what were your own intuition deep down?
What do you think these motives--
- Exactly what the founder and chairman
of the World Economic Forum has written,
that it's to destroy the existing,
they call it the legacy economy,
to destroy the normal existing economies of the world
and replace them with artificial intelligence
owned by the monopolies,
rented out to the public,
but absolutely under the centralized ownership
of the digital technology world.
- This whole great reset thing,
what's gonna be involved
with a lot of different ideas pushed forward?
- Yeah, yeah, the digitizing everything,
eventually having artificial intelligence
running school and university courses,
as well as medical procedures.
New York was the first government to acknowledge
that they were going to start putting in place
the program of the World Economic Forum
to replace normal education with online education,
normal medicine with digital online medicine,
replace local economy with online shopping,
so that the monopolies like Amazon
will increase their wealth fabulously.
You can see that the billionaire--
- I saw that, yeah, some of the numbers,
some of the numbers of these people.
So the whole eugenics idea
of wanting to thin out the population,
that's part of this, in your opinion?
- Yeah, it's interesting that Johns Hopkins University
was so central with the World Economic Forum
in the great reset,
because they were the founders
of the official eugenics office.
Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory
was pretty much a creation of Johns Hopkins University
and their eugenics people.
Their eugenics ideas inspired the Nazis.
The US actually passed laws to sterilize people
that immigrant people who didn't speak English
became candidates, the poverty class
of malnourished and sickly people.
If sickness appeared to run in the family,
then you could sterilize them under the law of many states.
Those ideas inspired the Nazis.
So Johns Hopkins history is right in the same line
as the current great reset policy.
- But could this not work to their opposite conclusion
where all the people that they're able to control
who watch television go to school,
that they're the ones that maybe won't make it through this
in the next 10, 20 years?
Or become more transhuman?
- The direction of education under this digitized
centralization of power,
it's to turn people into useful, profitable employees
of these technological monopolies,
or to let them maybe put them on a pension,
keep them in powerless poverty.
- Which could be what this whole universal basic income
is all about and all this stuff
that the globalists wanna push forward.
- Yeah, put the masses of the population on a pension
and keep them harmless and quiet until they die off.
- Harmless and quiet.
Wow, brave new world.
Did you ever think this would come about in your lifetime,
Dr. Peaton?
- I feel that it's happening right now.
- Yes, sir.
Yeah, I'm sure.
Please stay there.
And thanks again, thanks so much for being here.
We're gonna take a quick break
and then promote a couple things, products.
This is how we make our little house payment
and a big house payment, however you wanna say it.
I don't know why I use that term.
Doesn't matter, it's a house payment.
We're very fortunate to have a house.
God, I'm so grateful to be able to have a nice home
to live in out here in the country.
And thank you for your ongoing support.
This is a good thing to do to detox from a lot of stuff.
- We talk about your health, wealth, and well-being
on oneradionetwork.com.
- Well, I did push the wrong button
and I wanna get it here because I will.
This is a sauna, this is a good one.
- Previously with cardiologist, Dr. Joel Kahn,
35 years experience in cardiology.
- On your commercial break, you hit a hot button
'cause I'm a giant fan of infrared sauna
and the cardiac benefits.
- Tell us about why you like these saunas for the heart.
What does it do?
- In Japan, it's a traditional therapy of heart disease
to even sick heart patients to sit for 15 or 20 minutes
in an infrared sauna, then lie down and rest and hydrate
for about half an hour.
They call it WAON, W-A-O-N, it means soothing heat.
And they've done research studies, like 30 of them,
in humans, anti-ages your arteries
and improves the strength of your heart
and it may actually prolong survival in sick heart patients.
Anybody can just, again, go to the internet,
read about infrared sauna heart disease
or put my name there 'cause I've written
many articles about it.
Now there's data coming out of Sweden and Finland
'cause they've published some amazing data
that number of times a week you're in a sauna,
number of minutes each time, you can just track out
how long you're gonna live.
So very powerful therapy by being in,
my favorite is an infrared sauna.
- And our favorite is the RelaxFar Infrared Sauna
that we've been promoting for, gosh,
it's been almost 12, well, about 10, 12 years right now
and I love mine and I think you'd enjoy this.
We promote these and are able to ship them
all over the world.
For some reason, the only place we haven't been able
to ship them is Germany.
Now I choose to know exactly why that could possibly be
but Germany doesn't seem to be crazy about 'em.
But everywhere else we can do it
and it's not as expensive as you might even imagine
because other than the United States,
they're shipped from a medical university in Taiwan
and so they go right from there with the proper plug.
So to get the price, the best price ever
is just email me, patrick@oneradionetwork.com
if you live outside.
Now if you're in the lower 48, it's $1,195
delivered, lower 48, $1,195.
So just email me, patrick@oneradionetwork.com.
(keyboard clicking)
(upbeat music)
- We are listener supported, One Radio Network.
- Previously, we talked with Brandon Amelani
about his Blue Shield product
to protect against EMFs in your home.
- The more connected we are,
the more electromagnetic radiation we're gonna have.
So years ago, I'd play with Q-Links
and just anything I can get my hands on
that whether I felt it working or not,
I just wanted some kind of leverage
against electromagnetic radiation in those frequencies
and how they affect the cellular biology.
But then when I met Mark
and started really getting deep to his technology
and really looking at the microprocessing technology,
I've never found any EMF company
that would not only to test on
not only human blood and urine analysis,
but also on animals,
which totally weeds out the idea of placebo effect.
I mean, the fact that you can plug these devices
into a chicken farm, a factory farm
for about 15,000 laying hens,
and all of a sudden the mortality rate,
which is averages from 60 to 150 deaths per month,
it goes down to zero.
I mean, it's pretty profound that a little device,
a little energy device could actually like
create such a harmony and balance within the environment
to where claustrophobic chickens
that are crammed in together actually get along better
and actually feel better.
And the biological markers are improved
over that one year study.
- There's quite a bit of science
with this Blue Shield product.
You can see the ad on the front page.
Promo code OneRadio will get you a 10% discount.
This works on the cells in the body.
Very cool technology.
Front page, BlueShield, oneradionetwork.com.
(upbeat music)
- Know the source.
OneRadionetwork.com.
- Dr. Ray Peet, it is ray, drraypeet.com.
Oh, just raypeet.com.
Again, grab his newsletter.
It's a great one.
Every couple of months,
it's not very, very, very cost effective.
He just kind of gets it out there for you.
It's raypeetsnewsletter@gmail.com.
raypeetsnewsletter@gmail.com.
As you know, Dr. Peet, we had quite the frigid,
you know, two weeks here about a month ago.
And some of the people I talked to at the farmer's market,
the man lost almost all of his pigs
because they just couldn't take it.
Isn't that amazing?
Wow, man.
- Yeah, when it's cold enough to lower your body temperature
that turns on improper inflammatory signals.
And so it's at least as bad as having
a terrible viral infection,
the activation of inflammation comes on
when your energy is too low.
So it doesn't matter whether it's from a poison
or environmental chilling.
- It doesn't matter.
So, but there's a lot of people that argue
like Wim Hof and others,
that cold water or showers or being out in the cold
could actually make one stronger, no?
- It's your internal focusing of your metabolism.
The nervous system has to essentially intend
to increase your metabolic rate.
And you can keep your temperature up
with the right attention.
But the water that he can tolerate
would very quickly kill a lot of people
by lowering their temperature.
- Very interesting.
So let's get to some emails here, Dr. Pete,
before we let you go.
This one about aluminum.
Wants to know, let's see if I can grab it here.
I lost it for a minute.
Oh, most perspirants contain aluminum.
Are there any safe antiperspirants?
And does the aluminum in the ones that do have it
detrimental to our health?
- The function of the aluminum is to kill
and harden the sweat glands.
So it's killing the cells in your skin
so that they can't function.
I don't know of any skin studies of aluminum absorption,
but the metals that have been studied,
like copper solution applied to the skin,
it immediately starts showing up in your bloodstream.
So I don't think it's safe to assume
that just because the aluminum is sticking
to your sweat glands in the process of killing them,
I don't think you can assume that that means
that some of it isn't getting in your bloodstream.
- Some people argue that we, many of us are low,
many humans are low on copper.
Have you ever seen any evidence of that?
Low on copper?
- Yeah, the ratio between copper and iron
and a couple of other minerals is very clear
so that if your diet has too much molybdenum, for example,
or iron, that will give you a copper deficiency.
And if you're under prolonged stress,
mercury or aluminum or many other stresses
that increase your cortisol will cause you
to produce a protein defensively that binds heavy metals
and will carry mercury and lead and aluminum
out of your body.
But in the process, that protein binds a lot of copper.
And so whenever you're under stress,
you're tending to lose copper faster than you could.
And that's probably why stress, extreme stress,
can sometimes cause sudden loss of pigment
in your skin and hair.
- Hair, wow.
So that just leads more kind of grist for the mill,
this idea of when we worry and get anxious
or whatever it is, fear that it's detrimental to our health.
And physiologically, we can see that this is what goes on.
We know it.
- Yeah, that one protein is just one example.
- Yeah, just one, right, just one.
This is from Terry.
He's in Boise, Idaho up there with a buffalo roam,
or used to.
Repeat, is the dark ferrichlorogenic acid
in boiled potatoes unhealthy?
How do you say that word, ferrichloric?
Boiled potatoes unhealthy.
- The green stuff on potatoes.
- Is that what it is, the green stuff?
- Yeah, if the skin has turned green
from exposure to light, yeah, that's pretty toxic.
It should be trimmed off.
- Now when we boil potatoes, those are digestibles, right?
As long as we boil them pretty good?
- Yeah, and they're almost a perfect nutrient.
They don't have vitamin B12,
or the animal form of vitamin A.
Otherwise, they're an extremely balanced food.
They don't contain much protein as such,
but they contain the precursors
that our body needs to make protein.
So it turns out that people,
there are cultures that have pork once a year for a week,
and the rest of the year they want potatoes.
- They want potatoes.
You know, my mom tells a story
that during the Depression,
and that's about all they really ate was the potatoes.
- Yeah, the poor Irish were, for a long time,
living on mainly potato diet,
and so when potato blight developed,
and they lost their potato crops,
that was when the famine came on,
because everyone was counting on abundant potatoes.
- There's so many different kinds.
We can get different colored ones,
purple ones now at the Hippie Food Store,
and gold, and have you,
are there any that are better for us than others?
- Those chemicals can be beneficial,
but I've found them to be extremely hard to digest.
A lot of people have trouble eating purple potatoes.
The Yukon Gold, because of the high carotene content.
- High carotene.
- Yeah, carotene is the precursor to vitamin A,
but if you are short on vitamin B12 or thyroid hormone,
you don't convert carotene very well,
and it builds up in the body
and blocks the function of thyroid hormone,
and then blocks the steroid production,
like blocking progesterone.
So you don't want to overdo
the yellow and orange vegetables.
- How about the little red potatoes,
and the bakers would be the best choice for potatoes?
If you're gonna like--
- The white flesh is the easiest to digest
when it's well baked or well boiled.
- The white flesh.
- And so not necessarily,
it doesn't matter about the red or the baker potato,
'cause they both have white flesh, right?
- Yeah, the outside, the skin color doesn't matter.
- And so potatoes and carrots are squashed with butter.
It's a pretty good meal.
- Oh, yeah, very good.
- It's better to cook 'em.
Can you cook 'em together?
I guess you got the carrots and potatoes last night together.
Works pretty well.
- Yeah, just as long.
Carrot juice is a way that people often poison themselves
getting too much carotene.
But carrots and squashes,
even though they contain carotene and related things,
they have lots of good nutrients and other functions.
- Here's an email from Mohamed.
He's in Seattle.
This is a question for Dr. Pete when he comes on the show.
I met with some friends who got the vaccine
in the last week and know that there's a possibility
that some of the particles from the vaccine
can potentially be in my body shedding.
Is there anything I can do to detox this
out of my sister system?
I don't really plan on getting it myself,
but I know lots of people,
I'll be around family, friends, and coworkers
will want to stay safe as possible.
So do these things can shed bad stuff?
These injectable?
- There is some evidence of that.
It hasn't been studied enough to be sure what's going on,
but it's always protective to make sure
that your vitamin D and calcium intakes are good.
Vitamin D is a powerful anti-inflammatory agent,
and that function is supported by making sure
that you have a lot of calcium in your diet
relative to phosphate.
The phosphate-rich foods are meat, fish,
and the legumes and grains.
But people who eat too many beans in proportion
to leafy greens and milk and cheese
are likely to have a lot of inflammation-related problems.
- So that's why you're a fan of milk and cheese,
a good food in your opinion, your experience.
- Yeah, many metabolic activating effects,
not just the high calcium content,
but several other things that activate your metabolic rate
and support your thyroid function
so that you don't get into the stress inflammatory states.
- Any idea where all of this anti-stuff
on milk and dairy products come from?
- Probably many psychological things,
like for some reason, the medical world
starting in the 1930s had a great phobia of breasts,
and they didn't want women breastfeeding their babies,
and they trained women to use artificial formulas.
I think there's a psychiatric motivation there,
fear of women and children.
Having actual skin contact to breastfeed.
I've known people who extended that
to have all kinds of strange doctrines
associated with milk.
The theories have been developed to explain
why people shouldn't breastfeed
and why they shouldn't drink milk after infancy,
but none of it was based on actual studies
of what happens when people or animals
drink milk as part of their diet.
- This is a great question that ties right in.
This is from Trent.
Some people advocate if you're doing raw milk
regardless of goat or cow or whatever,
that we boil it before drinking.
Does Dr. Peete have an opinion about this?
- If you think your cow might have a disease,
or if the person doing the milking didn't know how to do it
and let bits of dandruff and manure and junk get in the milk,
yeah, bringing it to a boil
or at least a sterilizing temperature of 160 or so degrees.
- Would there be a difference
between that pasteurization temperature of 160
or boiling 160 might do it?
- A little bit of difference, but it isn't serious.
- So maybe, excuse me,
maybe that's where it all comes from
and the idea from Ayurvedic medicine,
which is centered in India,
where this third world country,
which is more the sanitation,
maybe that's where the milk boiling thing comes from.
- Oh yeah, yeah.
I've bought milk coming in a big bowl or something
and found bits of manure sedimented to the bottom.
- Okay.
Does Ray Peete have an opinion
regarding the aminoacetal carnitine's ability
to slower the shortening rate of telomeres,
excuse me, resulting in life extension,
as I had to cough there, as well as better health.
Is there a danger of consuming
two grams of L-carnitine per day?
- I've never seen any studies on its toxicity,
but a lot of things will change the rate
of telomere shortening.
But I don't think of the telomere
as such a great indicator of aging.
Some very old people have good, strong telomeres.
Some people in their 20s already have very short telomeres,
but their health hasn't suffered.
- So this telomere measuring thing to get your biological age
could all just be one of those passing fancies
that won't be around very long?
- Well, it might be around for a long time.
I think who was responsible for it
was culturing in the 1960s.
He was growing cells in culture,
and noticed that after, I think it was about 50 passages
in culture, 50 cell divisions, that they died out,
and that that was preceded by a shortening of the telomere.
But he basically was doing a totally unbiological thing.
A totally unbiological way of culturing
with a buildup of lactic acid,
which accelerates the aging and inflammatory processes,
and in itself will shorten the telomeres.
So it's all based on a terrible,
a non-scientific science, so-called science.
- So-called science, yeah.
Ray Peet is with us on the third Monday of every month,
and it's March 15th, we're live here.
This is from WC, Dr. Peet in Chattanooga, Tennessee,
great part of the country.
My wife has a slow-growing brain tumor
that's moving towards the optic part of the brain,
and it may need to be removed before loss of vision.
I understand you're not a brain surgeon, of course,
and can't give medical advice,
but can you give your opinion on how this may have
originated and how to slow its growth?
- It depends greatly on what tissue it started from.
Mentioning the optic nerve suggests it might have originated
in or near the pituitary gland,
and many of those tumors are
curable by a chemical,
bromocryptin or cabergoline
are two of the chemicals that have been used
to shrink pituitary tumors,
and those tumors became extremely common
after the birth control pill was introduced,
so they're basically produced by an excess of estrogen.
And in general, tumors,
even so-called malignant tumors,
are restrained to some degree
by aspirin and other anti-inflammatory things.
Even antihistamines have a very basic
anti-tumor effect, antiserotonin agents,
because histamine and serotonin are tumor promoters.
- I've known people who've been diagnosed with a tumor,
albeit small, in the brain and have just left it alone,
have never been bothered by it,
and do you think something like that,
just with more anti-inflammatory foods and things,
it will just dissipate or?
- Yeah, I think,
I think it was an English person who did the first study
doing autopsies.
He found that everyone by the age of 50 could,
when he looked through their tissues,
he found 100% of people 50 years old or more
who had diagnosable cancer tissue in their bodies,
and since 100% of living people in their 50s
don't suffer from cancer,
what that obviously means is that for most people,
the majority of people,
the presence of cancer that a surgeon can prove is cancerous
if it happens to be biopsied and studied,
the presence of cancer in the body for most people
isn't going to kill them.
- In your opinion, it's just not a problem,
just leave it alone?
- Yeah, that was finally put into practice
in the case of prostate cancer.
In the 80s, the prostate-specific antigen was discovered,
and they started using it to diagnose
whether a person had prostate cancer,
and the standard treatment at that time
was high doses of estrogen,
and high doses of estrogen are not good for your health,
but that was starting around 1940s,
that was a standard treatment for everyone.
And so when the PSA test diagnosed many, many more people
as having prostate cancer,
the treatment increased,
and the mortality had a great surge in the early 90s.
More people were dying from prostate cancer very suddenly,
and they realized that the treatment
was what was killing most of the people.
- Because they were increasing the estrogen,
which was making matters worse.
- Yeah, and someone did the survey
at a convention of specialists in the prostate,
and asked them what they would do
if they were diagnosed with prostate cancer.
And most of them said they would do nothing,
because they had seen the effects of their treatments.
But they went on giving the treatment to their patients,
but they said they wouldn't do it themselves.
- Fascinating.
- And growing from that bit of publicity in the 90s,
by the start of this century,
the idea of watchful waiting for prostate cancer,
that they acknowledged that you're going
to almost certainly die from something else
before the prostate cancer will kill most people.
So just watching it became a better treatment,
and for sure better than giving estrogen.
- Jacqueline is in Pennsylvania.
I often get severe headaches during menstruation.
Does Dr. Pete have any reasons
for the cause and cure of this?
- Yeah, I used to have migraines frequently,
right from childhood.
And after I had been working with progesterone
for a few years, I happened to have a concentrated solution
of progesterone and vitamin E as a headache was coming on.
And I took a gob of that, and within seconds,
the visual effects subsided and the pain,
and that got me interested in the vascular effect
of a high estrogen and low progesterone.
The blood sugar and salt balance are governed
by estrogen and progesterone balance.
And so the changing hormones,
especially at the end of menstruation
when your progesterone has crashed,
then that's when you're very susceptible to migraines.
And just eating a tremendous amount of sugar,
I found, would block the development of a migraine.
Essentially, the same thing is happening
when you raise your blood sugar strongly
or raise your progesterone concentration
in your blood suddenly.
The inflammatory signals are blocked
when you have a stabilizing factor,
which could be sugar or progesterone,
or aspirin and other things help,
but sugar and progesterone are the most powerful
stabilizing factors.
- So Jacqueline could have a little bit of ice cream
when her period is coming on, some ice cream, right?
Orange juice, right?
- I told a nutrition class once
that I found a quart of ice cream if I could eat it
before the peak of the headache
would block the rest of the headache.
One woman in the class giggled and said
she had discovered the same thing,
except it took a gallon.
- That's great.
Now there's also, and I know you like a little product,
and I think it's called Progest-Ease, is that correct?
- Yeah, that's one I--
- You developed.
- Yeah, when I was working on it,
I tested it on myself twice for migraines,
and both times within about two minutes,
it was all over.
So then I met a woman with multiple sclerosis
and another one with an ocular disease
ocular optic nerve condition
that was related to multiple sclerosis.
And both of those women,
one woman was giving it by injections
and basically cured herself.
She came to my endocrinology class.
She had been bedridden for months and months,
but when she discovered progesterone,
she drove to Portland,
walked up, I think it was three flights to my classroom,
and lectured for an hour on the use of progesterone.
Absolute strong health just by the use of progesterone.
- Interesting.
Where can our listeners get this Progest-Ease
that you developed, helped develop?
- Yeah, Kenogen has been making it for decades.
- Kenogen, how do you spell that?
- K-E-N-O-G-E-N.
- Yeah.
- And their email is kenogen@gmail.com.
- Okay, and then you just need a couple drops of that,
and so Jacqueline could try some of this
when her period is coming on.
- Well, yeah, that's a first aid,
but the reason progesterone gets too low
and blood sugar gets too low
is almost always a nutritional and thyroid-related problem.
So you should check your thyroid and vitamin D
and calcium intake, and usually that will take care of it.
- Yeah, and she lives up in Pennsylvania,
so it could especially be exacerbated during the winter
when there's not a lot of sun.
- Yeah. - Right, yeah.
This is Thomas in Sweden,
and it goes exactly along their lines
where we're talking right now.
I wonder if Dr. Pete is aware of the work
of Dr. D-Z-U-G-A-N, previously connected
with life extension, curing migraines,
oh, migraines too, and other chronic diseases
with oral DHEA pregnenolone as well as testosterone,
progesterone, and estrogen in the forms of creams.
Living in Sweden, I can barely get my hands
on DHEA and pregnenolone, and so I wonder
if, done right, this might be enough
to cure migraines for most people, myself included.
Oh, very, very same genre of questioning here.
- Yeah, the ideal thing is to have
such a good conversion of cholesterol to pregnenolone,
and of pregnenolone to DHEA and progesterone,
that you don't have to resort to stress factors
such as cortisol, aldosterone, and estrogen.
Those are opposed by pregnenolone, DHEA, and progesterone,
and thyroid is the main factor
for converting your cholesterol to those.
So if your cholesterol is low,
besides tending to your thyroid,
you have to figure out how to get
your cholesterol up to normal.
But usually, people with high cholesterol,
when they supplement the right amount of thyroid,
the cholesterol comes down exactly as the thyroid
takes effect.
- Interesting, very good.
This is from Jones.
If one were to forced to take a vaccine,
would the J&J vaccine be the lesser of the two evils?
What could one take to help offset the side effects
of the J&J vaccine?
Johnson & Johnson, I guess.
- Well, it contains the DNA that makes the spike protein,
and I don't think the spike protein is--
- That's not what we want, no.
- Yeah, you don't want a gene in your body
for making this terrible pro-inflammation protein.
I think it's the presence of the spike protein
that is the danger in the long run.
If you have the DNA for it,
you can't be sure that that DNA isn't going to
become part of your own repertoire.
And then that would mean that every time you activated
that gene, you would be making more of the spike protein.
And again, that spike protein andogen is producing
antibodies to specialize for it,
and so it's damaging the rest of your immune system.
- So have you read anything that would support the idea
that this Russian Sputnik so-called vaccine
is a kinder, gentler vaccine?
More with the antibodies and not so much
of the genetic nonsense?
- No, I've heard that, but I haven't studied it
enough to know.
- Here's from CB, "I've read DNA is swapped
between partners.
If this is the case, can a vaccinated partner
swap their altered DNA with a partner
who has not been vaccinated?"
Wow.
- I think that is being supported by some evidence
that just needs a lot more study.
But for sure, a woman sampling her tissues
and body fluids, but after death, brain tissue,
for example, has been found.
A woman's cells have taken up her male,
her partner's DNA.
The semen is absorbed by the woman's tissues
and become incorporated in all of the tissues
of her body.
So DNA from humans apparently has some good
biological properties.
The woman uses it in her process of reproduction.
But stranger forms of DNA, like from algae,
can also be found in the brain after you've eaten
a slightly harmful food.
- You've mentioned algae before.
Are there any forms of algae, maybe fresh or something
that are beneficial?
Like there's one that they promoted for years
up near you, the aqua, you know which one I mean?
- Yeah, the blue.
- Blue-green, is that good stuff?
- It's actually a kind of bacteria, I think,
rather than real algae.
But I think it's too dangerous.
And even the real algaes have irritating
and toxic problem nutrients.
Green plants in general have their defensive materials.
So I think it's better to let animals with rumens
process plant material before it's taken in.
If you're going to eat anything green,
you should be sure that you know
what the processing is doing.
Like a very long cooking of green leaves
makes some of the toxins break down.
But still you're going to get some anti-nutrient factors.
If you eat too many vegetables.
- So that's why we want to cook kale well.
- Very well, yeah.
- Very well.
Final one for you, then you get to go play.
Assuming that thyroid status is optimal
or supplemental as necessary,
what are the expected optimal blood cholesterol levels
for different various age groups?
- Just the epidemiological information shows
that after the age of 50,
if your cholesterol level is not above 200,
your risk of having dementia is a lot higher.
And so that's apparently because not only your thyroid
tends to become less efficient with aging,
but all of the enzymes involved in converting
cholesterol to the good protective things like protesterone,
all of those become less effective in older age.
And so as you increase your blood cholesterol level
at keeping those other things steady,
you're going to increase your level of pregnenolone
and protesterone because cholesterol
is very largely functioning as a precursor
to those protective steroids.
- So that's why a higher 180, 190, 200,
pretty safe and happy levels for most folks.
- Yeah, and over 50, 220, 230 is fine.
- Oh, so I see, yeah.
Yeah, Dr. Huggins, one of our longtime friends,
he used to, I think he even wrote a book, Dr. Peete,
called "225" and that was his favorite number.
He would test all these blood samples of people
and he thought that the 225 was optimal for people.
It's interesting, 225.
Well, Mr. Peete, it's such an honor to talk to you.
Thanks for being there.
What are you going to do fun today, anything?
You painting a lot these days?
- Oh, no, not much.
- No?
- But I'll be getting around to it.
- Yeah.
- I haven't thought about today.
I'm working on the newsletter on inflammation right now.
I'll probably be doing that.
- And when does this newsletter come out on inflammation?
- Towards the end of this month or beginning of April.
- And if you'd like to get Dr. Peete's newsletter,
it's, let's see, is it Dr. Ray, I used to,
I had it there for a minute,
oh, Ray Peete's newsletter, plural, right?
RayPeete'sNewsletter@gmail.com.
- Yeah.
- Correct?
All right, sir, again, thank you very much
for being on the show.
We appreciate it, thanks a lot.
- Okay, thank you.
- See you real soon, bye.
- Dr. Ray Peete, Patrick Timpone,
Ray, OneRadioNetwork.com.
Well, what a fun guy to talk to, huh?
So again, we have a Show Me the Virus show
with Dr. Kaufman and Cowan,
two of the people that are out there
really talking about the germ theory.
They're gonna be here Wednesday, two days from now,
10 o'clock Central Time,
so a great chance for you to ask them some good questions.
Don't be shy, just dig right in,
and if what they're saying is kinda crazy to you,
but more and more people are,
even Dr. Peete and Zach Bush and others are pretty close,
pretty close to what they're saying.
A few exceptions, but there's always different viewpoints
and different parameters.
It's not black and white.
So anyway, if you care to ask them a question,
you can get your questions in now,
patrick@oneradionetwork.com,
and we will see you then on,
well, we'll see you tomorrow morning, about 10 o'clock.
We're gonna talk to a fellow from the World Bank.
That's right, the belly of the beast,
people that are into globalism, fiat currencies,
and we're gonna try to find out why they do what they do.
(silence)
That'll be fun.
Tomorrow morning, 10 o'clock Central Time.
I love you all very much.
Thanks for your ongoing support.
It's just a great honor for me to be here
and make a living doing this
in my little studio up above my kitchen
here in Dripping Springs, Texas.
Let me know if I can help,
patrick@oneradionetwork.com.
So I love you,
and we'll see you tomorrow morning, Tuesday,
the 16th of March at 10 o'clock.
Take care.
May the blessings be.
(upbeat music)
- We are listener supported.
One Radio Network.
(upbeat music)
(silence)
[BLANK_AUDIO]